<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
   <head>
      <title>Skyrim</title>
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="winterichxslt3.css"/>
      <style></style>
   </head>
   <body>
      
      <p style="color:black;">At the turning of the Fourth Age, in the year 3E 433, <em>the <b style="color:blue;">Emperor Uriel Septim VII</b> was
            assassinated</em> and <em>the 
            <questitem>Amulet of Kings</questitem>
            was destroyed</em>. This set in motion a chain of events that would bring
         down an empire and change forever the relationship between man and the gods.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;"><em>The <strong><span class="MythicDawn">assassins</span></strong> first attacked the
            <b style="color:blue;">Emperor</b></em> in the
         <i>White Gold Tower</i>. While the Blades held <strong><span class="MythicDawn">them</span></strong> back,
         <em>the <b style="color:blue;">Emperor</b> made <b style="color:blue;">his</b> way down to the
            <i>dungeons</i></em>, to a <i>secret escape
            route</i> built into <i>one of the prison cells</i>. For
         reasons known only to <b style="color:blue;">himself</b>, the <b style="color:blue;">Emperor</b>
         <em>pardoned the fortunate <b style="color:blue;">prisoner</b></em> in that <i>cell</i>. Some say the
         <b style="color:blue;">prisoner</b> reminded <b style="color:blue;">him</b> of a childhood friend. Others say it was a <em>moment of
            prophecy</em>. Whatever the case, the <b style="color:blue;">prisoner</b> came to play a fateful role in the history of the
         <i>Empire</i> and <i>Tamriel</i> - surely a sign that
         the gods themselves were at work.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">The pursuing <em><strong><span class="MythicDawn">assassins</span></strong> killed the
            Blades bodyguards</em> in a relentless
         series of sneak attacks. Eventually <em><strong><span class="MythicDawn">they</span></strong>
            struck down the <b style="color:blue;">Emperor</b>
            <b style="color:blue;">himself</b></em>. Before <b style="color:blue;">he</b> fell, <em><b style="color:blue;">Uriel Septim VII</b> gave the 
            <questitem>Amulet of Kings</questitem> to
            the <b style="color:blue;">prisoner</b></em>, who somehow
         <em>made it out of the <i>Imperial sewers</i></em> and
         into the light of day.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">The assassination is now known to have been the work of a group of <strong><span class="MythicDawn">daedric cultists</span></strong> known as the <strong><span class="MythicDawn">Mythic Dawn</span></strong>. (Those who still suspect the Dark Brotherhood should consider two facts: first, they would have only
         needed a single assassin, not a small army of them; second, the Dark Brotherhood would never be so foolish as to
         <em>effectively declare war on the Empire</em> and thus ensure their
         complete destruction. Witness the eventual fate of the <strong><span class="MythicDawn">Mythic
               Dawn</span></strong>.)</p>
      
      
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">The 
         <questitem>Amulet of Kings</questitem> next surfaced at <i>Weynon
            Priory</i> near <i>Chorrol</i>. <b style="color:blue;">Jauffre</b>, secret <strong>Grandmaster of the
            Blades</strong> and head of the
         <i>priory</i>, <em>took possession of the
            
            <questitem>amulet</questitem></em>. <em>The <b style="color:blue;">messenger</b> was sent off to <i>Kvatch</i></em> to find a lowly <b style="color:blue;">priest</b> named <b style="color:blue;">Martin</b>.
         Unbeknownst even to <b style="color:blue;">himself</b>, <b style="color:blue;">Martin</b> was the bastard son of <b style="color:blue;">Uriel Septim VII</b>, and the last heir to the Ruby
         Throne. <b style="color:blue;">He</b> alone could use the
         
         <questitem>Amulet of Kings</questitem> to light the Dragonfires that wards the
         barrier between <i>Tamriel</i> and <i>Oblivion</i>, and save
         the world from the <strong><span class="MythicDawn">Mythic Dawn</span></strong> plot.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;"><em>The <b style="color:blue;">prisoner</b> arrived at <i>Kvatch</i></em> to find <i>it</i> overrun by daedra that had poured in
         from a newly-opened Oblivion Gate, the start of the Empire-spanning devastation of
         the
         Oblivion Crisis. How <em>the <b style="color:blue;">prisoner</b> closed
            the gate</em> is not recorded. Once closed, <b style="color:blue;">Martin</b> and the surviving <i>Kvatch</i>
         guardsmen drove back the daedra.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">Now known as the <strong>Hero of <i>Kvatch</i></strong>, <em>the <b style="color:blue;">prisoner</b> and <b style="color:blue;">Martin</b>
            returned to <i>Weynon Priory</i></em>, only to find the
         <i>priory</i> sacked and the 
         <questitem>Amulet</questitem> taken.
         <b style="color:blue;">Jauffre</b> survived the attack, however, and
         <em>the <b style="color:blue;">three of them</b>
            made their way to <i>Cloud Ruler Temple</i></em>, bastion of
         the Blades. This secret <i>fortress</i> in
         the <i>mountains</i> outside <i>Bruma</i> is
         where <b style="color:blue;">Martin</b> was held safe while
         <em>the <strong>Hero of <i>Kvatch</i></strong> searched for the lost
            
            <questitem>Amulet</questitem></em>.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">Knowing only that a mysterious group called the <strong><span class="MythicDawn">Mythic
               Dawn</span></strong> was behind the <em>assassination and theft of the
            
            <questitem>Amulet</questitem></em>, <em>the <strong>Hero of <i>Kvatch</i></strong> was sent to locate
            the <strong><span class="MythicDawn">cult</span></strong></em>. With the help of
         <b style="color:blue;">Baurus</b>, a Blade in the
         service of the <b style="color:blue;">Emperor</b>, <b style="color:blue;">they</b> somehow <em>used the
            
            <questitem>Commentaries on the Mysterium Xarxes</questitem></em>,
         esoteric works by the madman <b style="color:blue;">Mankar Camoran</b>,
         to direct <b style="color:blue;">them</b> to the <strong><span class="MythicDawn">Mythic Dawn</span></strong>'s secret <i>lair</i>. Scholars
         familiar with the 
         <questitem>Commentaries</questitem> claim the location is not directly
         mentioned in 
         <questitem>them</questitem>. How <b style="color:blue;">they</b> did this remains a mystery.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">No official records exist of how <em>the <strong>Hero of
               <i>Kvatch</i></strong> penetrated the <strong><span class="MythicDawn">Mythic Dawn</span></strong>'s <i>lair</i></em>
         near <i>Lake Arrius</i>. There is a bardic tale that claims the <b style="color:blue;">Hero</b> used <em>trickery and disguise</em>, but
         that is just speculation.What was discovered there is that <b style="color:blue;">Mankar Camoran</b> was behind the <strong><span class="MythicDawn">Mythic Dawn</span></strong>, and that the <strong><span class="MythicDawn">group</span></strong> worshiped the daedric prince <b style="color:blue;">Mehrunes Dagon</b>. <b style="color:blue;">Mankar
            Camoran</b> believed <b style="color:blue;">himself</b> to
         be a direct descendant of the <b style="color:blue;">Camoran Usurper</b>, the infamous
         pretender to the throne of <i>Valenwood</i>.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">Somehow <em>the <b style="color:blue;">Hero</b> escaped with the
            
            <questitem>Mysterium Xarxes itself</questitem></em>, the holy book of
         the <strong><span class="MythicDawn">Mythic Dawn cult</span></strong>. <b style="color:blue;">Mankar Camoran</b> fled to <i>Oblivion</i> with the
         
         <questitem>Amulet of Kings</questitem>. With some effort and great risk to
         <b style="color:blue;">his</b> sanity, <em><b style="color:blue;">Martin</b> deciphered the Mysterium
            Xarxes</em> and intended to use 
         <questitem>it</questitem> to open a gateway
         to <b style="color:blue;">Mankar Camoran</b> in order to recover the
         
         <questitem>Amulet of Kings</questitem>.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">Before <b style="color:blue;">Martin</b> could perform the ritual
         to open the gateway, <em><b style="color:blue;">Mehrunes
               Dagon</b> opened an Oblivion Gate outside <i>Bruma</i></em>. <em>The <strong>Hero of
               <i>Kvatch</i></strong> saved the <i>city</i> and <b style="color:blue;">Martin</b>
            by entering the gate and closing it</em> before a daedric siege engine could destroy <i>Bruma</i>
         and <i>Cloud Ruler Temple</i>. Many songs and stories have been told of
         this battle and I will not retell them here. The <strong>Hero of <i>Kvatch</i></strong> was now also known as the <strong>Savior of <i>Bruma</i></strong>.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">With the <i>city</i> and <i>Cloud Ruler
            Temple</i> safe, <em><b style="color:blue;">Martin</b>
            opened the portal to <b style="color:blue;">Mankar Camoran</b>'s
            "<i>Paradise</i>"</em>. The details of what transpired in
         this <i>place</i> have not been recorded. All that is known is that
         <em>the <strong>Savior of <i>Bruma</i></strong> travelled to this <i>Paradise</i>,
            killed <b style="color:blue;">Mankar Camoran</b>, and returned with
            the 
            <questitem>Amulet of Kings</questitem></em>.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">With the 
         <questitem>Amulet</questitem> in hand, <em><b style="color:blue;">Martin Septim</b> presented <b style="color:blue;">himself</b> to the Elder
            Council to be crowned <strong>Emperor of all
               <i>Tamriel</i></strong></em>. Once crowned <b style="color:blue;">he</b> planned to relight the Dragonfires and seal
         <i>Tamriel</i> from <i>Oblivion</i>. In a last-ditch
         attempt to stop <b style="color:blue;">him</b>, <em><b style="color:blue;">Mehrunes Dagon</b> launched an assault on the
            <i>Imperial City</i>, opening several Oblivion Gates
            within the <i>capital</i> itself</em>. Uncrowned,
         <b style="color:blue;">Martin</b> joined the battle in the <i>city streets</i>.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;"><em><b style="color:blue;">Mehrunes Dagon himself</b>
            left <i>Oblivion</i> and entered
            <i>Tamriel</i></em>, breaking the covenant. Only the unlit
         Dragonfires allowed this to be possible. Now that the barrier was ripped asunder,
         it was
         too late to relighting the Fires. <b style="color:blue;">Martin
            Septim</b> chose to make the ultimate sacrifice - <em><b style="color:blue;">he</b> shattered the 
            <questitem>Amulet of
               Kings</questitem> to become the <b style="color:blue;">avatar of the god
               Akatosh</b> and do battle with <b style="color:blue;">Mehrunes
               Dagon</b></em>.</p>
      
      
      <p style="color:black;">Records of this battle vary wildly. What we do know is that
         <em><b style="color:blue;">Mehrunes Dagon</b> was
            defeated and sent back to <i>Oblivion</i></em>.
         <em>The <b style="color:blue;">avatar of Akatosh</b> was
            turned to stone</em> and can be seen to this day in the <i>Temple of
            the One</i> in the <i>Imperial City</i>. With the
         
         <questitem>Amulet</questitem> gone, the Dragonfires quenched, and the last
         Dragonblood Emperor dead, the barrier to <i>Oblivion</i> is sealed
         forever.</p>
      </body>
</html>