<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>About Page</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="about.css"/>
        <style>
             
            h2 {
            text-decoration: underline;
            margin-right: 15px;
            margin-left: 15px;
            
            }
            p {
            margin-right: 15px;
            margin-left: 15px;
            }
            section {
            margin-right: 15px;
            margin-left: 15px;
            }
               body { background: linear-gradient(to bottom, 
                                #7ec8d5,    
                                #a1d7e5,    
                                #8fbce0,   
                                #b2e3d9);   
    background-size: 100% 600%; font-family: 'Georgia', serif; color: black; margin: 0; padding: 0; height: 100vh; 
}
 .navbar a, .dropdown { float: none;  display: block; color: white; text-align: center; padding: 14px 16px; text-decoration: none; font-family: Georgia, serif;
                    } .navbar a { border: none; outline: none; } .navbar a:hover { background-color: #ddd; color: black; } .dropdown { position: relative;
                    } .dropdown .dropbtn { background-color: #333; border: none; outline: none; color: white; padding: 14px 16px; font-size: 16px; cursor: pointer; font-family: Georgia, serif;
                    } .dropdown:hover .dropbtn { background-color: #ddd; color: black; } .dropdown .dropbtn:focus { outline: none; box-shadow: none; 
                    } .dropdown-content { display: none; position: absolute; background-color: #333; min-width: 160px; z-index: 1;
                    } .dropdown:hover .dropdown-content { display: block; } .dropdown-content a { color: white; padding: 12px 16px; text-decoration: none; display: block; font-family: Georgia, serif;
                    } .dropdown-content a:hover { background-color: #ddd; color: black; } .navbar { background-color: #333; display: flex; justify-content: space-evenly; align-items: center; padding: 8px 20px; font-family: Georgia, serif;}
      </style>
    </head>
    <body>
       
      
        <h1 style="text-align:center; text-decoration:underline;">About our Project</h1>
        
        <section id="navigation" style="margin: 0px;">
            <div class="navbar">
                <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/c_homepage.xhtml">Home</a> 
                <div class="dropdown">
                    
                    <button class="dropbtn">The US Constitution
                        <i class="fa fa-caret-down"></i>
                        <!-- links for the constitution document-->
                    </button>
                    
                    <div class="dropdown-content">
                        <!-- Link to load the Constitution HTML page in the same window -->
                        <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/final_const.html">Constitution Document</a>
                    </div>
                    
                </div> 
                <div class="dropdown">
                    <button class="dropbtn">Seminal Works 
                        <i class="fa fa-caret-down"></i>
                        <!-- links for seminal works -->
                    </button>
                    <div class="dropdown-content">
                        <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/hobbes.xhtml">De Cive</a>
                        <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/Locke.xhtml">Second Treatise</a>
                        <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/rousseau.xhtml">Social Contract</a>
                        <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/SOL.xhtml">Spirit of Laws</a>
                        <!-- for each seminal work -->
                    </div>
                </div> 
                <div class="dropdown">
                    <button class="dropbtn">About 
                        <i class="fa fa-caret-down"></i>
                        <!-- links for the about section -->
                    </button>
                    <div class="dropdown-content">
                        <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/about.xhtml">Methodology</a>
                        <!-- methodology page -->     
                        <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/thinker.xhtml">Thinkers</a>
                        <!-- thinkers page -->
                    </div>
                </div> 
                <div class="dropdown">
                    <button class="dropbtn">Data and Graphs 
                        <i class="fa fa-caret-down"></i>
                        <!-- links for SVG, heatmap, and poll-->
                    </button>
                    <div class="dropdown-content">
                        <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/const-test.html">Attribute Data</a>
                        <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/opinionpoll.html">Opinion Poll</a>
                        <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/SVGdata_sig.xhtml">SVG Graphs</a>
                    </div>
                </div> 
                <a href="https://zelliewinterich.github.io/CMH/citation.xhtml">Work Cited</a>
            </div>
        </section>
        
        
       <div style="border: 5px solid darkblue; border-radius: 10px; margin-top: 10px; margin-left: 125px; margin-right: 10px; margin-bottom: 10px;"> <h2 style="text-align: right; margin-right: 20px;">What our project is</h2>
            <section style="text-align: right; margin-right: 20px; margin-left: 40px; margin-bottom: 10px;">
                We decided to do a project on the Constitution and compare it to Enlightenment thought. When we were figuring out how we wanted to divide the work, we thought it would be best to select four Enlightenment thinkers. We did some research to see which philosophers had the most similarities to the Constitution and what the Founders wanted in American government and we ultimately landed upon Rousseau, Locke, Montesquieu, and Hobbes. Our project focuses on governmental and political theory and where these practices stemmed from. We then linked these topics and ideas to our thinkers seminal works. For example, with the separation of powers between the executive, legislative, and judicial branches, we can directly relate it to Montesquieu's checks and balances seen in the Spirit of Laws. Then, after we highlighted some of the most important pieces of Constitutional text, we were able to show relative significance through a heat map and SVG graphs. Overall, we were able to take this idea and directly show how many times our Enlightenment thinkers influenced Articles, Amendments, and sections of the Constitution. 
            </section></div>
        
        <div style="border: 5px solid darkblue; border-radius: 10px; margin-top: 10px; margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 125px; margin-bottom: 10px;">
        <h2>Why we chose it</h2>
            <section style="margin-left: 20px; margin-right: 150px; margin-bottom: 10px;">
                When we were deliberating on how we wanted to create our project, we were also faced with the question of "why" we were doing this. The short answer is- we wanted to know more about our system of government. The American government is a complicated network of different bodies, departments, and workers, all responsible for different parts of our society. It can be difficult to fully understand and so, we decided to look back and start from the very beginning. We figured that, in understanding where our government comes from, we will have a better respect for how it functions. We also had always wanted to relate it to some sort of philosophical thought and, when thinking about influences, the Enlightenment was our best option. 
            </section>
        </div>
        
        <div style="border: 5px solid darkblue; border-radius: 10px; margin-top: 10px; margin-left: 125px; margin-right: 10px; margin-bottom: 10px;">
        <h2 style="text-align: right; margin-right: 20px;">Our process</h2>
            <section style="text-align: right; margin-right: 20px; margin-left: 40px; margin-bottom: 10px;">
                We started off by selecting the United States Constitution and its following Amendments. Then, we divided it up between the four of us and each marked up our sections in XML. As a group, we created a schema that had certain element tags that would best represent the most important topics of the Constitution, such as inherent rights. We then came up with attributes as examples for each of our elements. After this, we marked up our own seminal works where we used the same Constitutional schema with element and attribute tags so that we could then link similar ideas of thought. After this was done, we got to work designing our website, formulating our data, and presenting our results. Anna and Zellie worked on creating XSLT's from our XML markups and designing our webpage. Together they worked on making it a more interactive site, implementing imagery, and writing our work cited, about, and thinkers pages. They implemented CSS to style the pages and make it more dynamic. James worked on creating a relative significance page and heat map to showcase our data and its relations. Using JavaScript and HTML, we were able to show which pieces of information appeared most frequently. Ryan worked on forming an SVG graph to quantify our results. We also made individual pie charts through SVG to outline specific attribute and element counts and relevance percentages. After this was all done, we created a cohesive website and linked them all together. We made sure to check our code in our separate documents, ensuring it was all valid. Then we published this to our GitHub repo so that it was web-ready.
            </section>
        </div>
        
        <div style="border: 5px solid darkblue; border-radius: 10px; margin-top: 10px; margin-left: 10px; margin-right: 125px; margin-bottom: 10px;">
        <h2>Our creators</h2>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <h3>Anna Costello</h3>
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                        <p>Senior at Pitt studying Enlgish writing, with a major in Public and Professional Writing and a minor in Creative writing.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p><u>Fun Fact:</u> "I have a pet snake."</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p><u>Reason for taking this course:</u> "I wanted to expand my knowledge of technology!"</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                    
                <li>
                    <h3>James Paul</h3>
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            <p>Junior at Pitt studying English and Political Science</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                   
                <li>
                    <h3>Ryan Pavone</h3>
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            <p>Senior at Pitt studying Stats</p>
                        </li> 
                        <li>
                            <p><u>Fun Fact:</u> "</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p><u>Reason for taking this course:</u> "I decided to take this class because it fulfills a gen ed and I thought it sounded like a fun class with some useful skills."</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                       
                <li>
                    <h3>Zellie Winterich</h3>
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            <p>Senior at Pitt with a double major in LCJS (law, criminal justice, and society) and Neuro.</p>
                            
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p><u>Fun Fact:</u> "I was a summer camp counselor for 3 years and still talk about it constantly."</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p><u>Reason for taking this course:</u> "I had never really done anything with coding so this seemed new and interesting. Plus, I needed to fulfill a Gen-Ed and Honors credit."</p>
                        
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>