<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Work Cited</title>
        <style>
            body { background: linear-gradient(to bottom, 
                                #7ec8d5,    
                                #a1d7e5,    
                                #8fbce0,   
                                #b2e3d9);   
    background-size: 100% 600%; font-family: 'Georgia', serif; color: black; margin: 0; padding: 0; height: 100vh; 
}
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 style="text-align:center; text-decoration:underline;">Work Cited Page</h1>
        <hr/>
        <h2 style="text-decoration:underline;">Main Works</h2>
        <!-- makes it a numbered list -->
        <ol>
            <!-- template for each citation -->
            <li>    
                <h3>The Constitution</h3> <!-- title of each citation -->
                    <ul> <!-- makes the actual citation and summary bulleted -->
                        <li> 
                            <p> <!-- actual citation -->
                            <i>Constitution of the United States of America-1787. US Code, House.Gov, 2020, https://uscode.house.gov/static/constitution.pdf.</i> 
                            </p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p> <!-- summary of document -->
                            This document contains the Preamble and Aritcles created by the United States' founding fathers in 1787. The Constitution protects the rights of U.S. citizens, and regulates the government's power over them.
                            </p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
            </li>
            
            <li>
                <h3>De Cive</h3>
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            <p>
                            <i>Hobbes, Thomas. De Cive. J.C, Public Library UK, 2011, http://www.public-library.uk/ebooks/27/57.pdf.</i>
                            </p>
                        </li>
                        
                        <li>
                            <p>
                            In 1642, English philospher Thomas Hobbes published De Cive. This document title translates to "On the Citizen" in reference to Hobbes' defense of citizen rights within the United States. He argues that humans are naturally flawed, and these flaws should be reflected within the social contract of the country. By creating this contract, the sovereign establishes order among citizens, and ensures individual peace and security. 
                            </p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
            </li>
            
            <li>
                <h3>The Spirit of Laws</h3>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <i>The Complete Works of M. de Montesquieu (London: T. Evans, 1777), 4 vols. Vol. 1.</i>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            The Spirit of Laws, originally published in 1748, was one of Montesquieu's seminal works. Spirit of Laws covers political theory, checks and balances, social equality, and much more. Montesquieu's writings often focused heavily on judicial power and governmental limits, topics that the Spirit of Laws clearly represents.
                        </p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            
            <li>
                <h3>The Second Treatise of Government</h3>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <i>Locke, John. Second Treatise. Project Gutenberg, 2003, https://www.gutenberg.org/files/7370/7370-h/7370-h.html. </i>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            The Second Treatise of government reflects on how English philosopher, John Locke, believes power should be distributed, accessed, and used.
                        </p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            
            <li>
                <h3>The Social Contract</h3>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <i>Rousseau, Jean-Jacques. The Social Contract. Web Archive. https://web.archive.org/web/20171215154541id_/https://www.ucc.ie/archive/hdsp/Rousseau_contrat-social.pdf</i>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    
                    <li> 
                        <p>
                            The Social Contract was written by Jean-Jacque's Rousseau. Discussing social and political theory, the Social Contract was a revolutionary piece of work that helped to influence governmental dealings. 
                        </p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </li>
      </ol>
    
    <hr/>
        
    <h2 style="text-decoration:underline;">Other sources</h2>
        <ol>
            <li>
                <h3>Brittanica</h3>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <i>Rogers, Graham A.J.. "John Locke". Encyclopedia Britannica, 24 Oct. 2024, https://www.britannica.com/biography/John-Locke. Accessed 18 November 2024.</i>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <i>Cranston, Maurice and Duignan, Brian. "Jean-Jacques Rousseau". Encyclopedia Britannica, 29 Oct. 2024, https://www.britannica.com/biography/Jean-Jacques-Rousseau. Accessed 18 November 2024.</i>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <i>Shackleton, Robert. "Montesquieu". Encyclopedia Britannica, 24 Oct. 2024, https://www.britannica.com/biography/Montesquieu. Accessed 18 November 2024.</i>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>
                            <i>Sorell, Tom. "Thomas Hobbes". Encyclopedia Britannica, 12 Sep. 2024, https://www.britannica.com/biography/Thomas-Hobbes. Accessed 18 November 2024.</i>
                        </p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </li>
        </ol>
        
    </body>
</html>