<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>People</title>
        <style>
            body {
            background-color: lightBlue;
            }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        
        <h1>The Thinkers</h1>
        <section>
            When studying the US Constitution, philosophical thought could be seen in several areas of the text, both literally and implied. After we read the Constitution, we decided to focus on four main philosophers: Rousseau, Montesquieu, Locke, and Hobbes. Ultimately, these four can be directly associated with important ideals and practices seen in the Constituion. But, who are these thinkers? And what exactly did they do? 
        </section>
        <h1 style="text-align:center; text-decoration:underline;">Our Thinkers in Detail</h1>
        
        <h2>Jean-Jacques Rousseau</h2>
        <section>
            Jean-Jacques Rousseau was a Swiss-born philosopher whose work would influence the Romantic Era in Europe. Rousseau's work was grounded more in nature, behavior, and the social workings of life, rather than political theory. Of the thinkers, Rousseau was the least educated, preferring thought over practice. He was a big supporter of religious tolerance, having converted to the Protestant church. His writings also discussed theories of inequalities in life, arguing that these inequalities would become a disadvantage for any government.   
        </section>
        
        <h2>John Locke</h2>
        <section>
            John Locke was born on August 29th in 1632. Born and raised in England, Locke was most notable for his contributions to philosophy. His works often focused on tolerance, both politically and religiously. In fact, the inclusion of "life, liberty, and property" within the United States Constitution was greatly influenced by Locke.
        </section>
        
        <h2>Montesquieu</h2>
        <section>
            Montesquieu was a French philosopher who largely focused on politics and law. Born on January 18th, 1689, Montesquieu would go on to impact political theory throughout Europe and the United States. His seminal work, The Spirit of Laws, consists of four volumes discussing the meaning, purpose, and results of law. He is often credited with the ideas of checks and balances, having urged governments to include political limits in order to perserve the nation. 
        </section>
        
        <h2>Thomas Hobbes</h2>
        <section>
            Thomas Hobbes worked on political, social, and mathematical philsophy during his lifetime. Born on April 5th, 1588, Hobbes lived in England and made a name for himself as a scientist and historian along with a philosopher. He also enjoyed studying physics and would go on to defend materialism, the idea that only material things are real. Highly intellectual, Hobbes actually taught himself in the sciences and maths, rather than having a proper education. Having earned himself a reputation for being a hot head, Thomas Hobbes eventually feared for his safety from the English government. His writings would critique the outdated practices of the English monarchy and so, in 1640, Hobbes would flee to Paris where he had gathered a group of philosophical friends. He would go down in history as having influenced the ideals behind democracy, political liberty, and morality. 
        </section>
    </body>
</html>